tonight I'm telling you all the true
story of the Toru Taro's zombies you
guys should have seen your faces just
now okay I will
it all started with the level 20 Red
Mage name tatsujin and a dead taro but I
don't have enough time to do it myself
and so the underleveled Red Mage started
to cast Ray's on the dead tartar but
something went horribly horribly wrong
the group after that is no longer just
one zombie tartar but many as the
infection spread
as they move the Fallen Taarabt all rage
to join them
which is good because sometimes they
have a tendency to fall over dead again
the worst of the zombie horde has been
in bad stock because it's there's the
wait ro zombies exist that story so
story with that okay see something
moving is boosted dude oh crap turn
around
oh crap are you guys freaking out about
what's behind me
sweet merciful alternate eco
I lost my locker ah it's a zombie
killing that's not supposed to go that
way